[announcer] I don't know what to
make of this, folks!
Perhaps pushed to desperation,
the murderer, Kotetsu T. Kaburagi
has just shown up wearing
Wild Tiger's old Hero suit!
What's he planning to do?
[Alexander] Oh, that's just great...
he has to land on our roof.
This guy's a real
pain in the ass.
Yes, sir.
He sure is.
This building isn't safe right now!
We have to evacuate!
[people clamoring]
Everyone please try to
remain calm, proceed in a single file!
[Kotetsu]
Alright, Listen up, Heroes!
I'm done with running and hiding!
Let's do it.
I'm going in, sir.
-[Albert] Wait.
-Uh?
Let's see what
Kaburagi does first.
[Barnaby] With all due respect, sir,
it doesn't matter what he does!
I'll bring him
in at any cost!
If you've one flaw amongst
your admirable attributes,
it's your emotions, Barnaby.
You've got to be patient.
Ah? [grunts]
[announcer] The Murderous NEXT has
activated his powers,
But what can he expect to
do against six heroes?!
Don't worry,
I have a plan.
Well, let's see what
you've got up your sleeve, Kotetsu...
All right.
Pay attention.
[groaning, charging]
You remember this pose, right?
And look at the suit,
it's not ringing any bells for ya?!
C'mon, I'm the
original Wild Tiger!
You know me, we work
together on Hero TV!
That's your brilliant plan?
Seriously, you know
you guys recognize me.
Here, how about this!
Wild Roar!
You remember that
at all? huh?
Ahh, c'mon!
You actually have the gall to
dress up as Wild Tiger
after everything you've done?!
What?!
[Rock Bison] Don't think you can
fool us with that cheap imitation suit!
I'm telling you, it's not fake!
Guys, it's me!
What are you waiting for?!
Capture the suspect!
[all] Yes, ma'am!
Play time's over, pal!
Today's wind velocity...
is off the charts!!
[yelling]
-Just, hold on a second!
-[wind blowing]
Dammit I said hold on!!
So annoying!
Stop dancing
around, honey!
Will you guys just ease
up and listen for a second?!
No one wants to hear
your excuses, lowlife!
You're surrounded by heroes!
There's no escape!
Calm down, will ya!
Just give me a chance here and I can
prove to all of you
that I'm the real deal!
Starting with you,
Dragon Kid.
Remember that time you and I
spent babysitting the mayor's son?
Well I know that
ever since then,
you've been wearing that
cute little flower hairpin
that your parents gave you, right?
I only wear it when I'm out of uniform,
how do you know about that?!
And you, Blue Rose.
I haven't forgotten what
your first love was.
That you always dreamed
of being a singer, not a super hero.
How could you
know that?
Origami!
Remember when we visited
the Hero Academy together,
you were doubting if you were even
cut out for this line of work, right?
[stutters] What?!
And you, Sky High.
You like sucking yolks out of
fried eggs like this...
[slurps loudly]
Am I right or wrong?
Uh, uhh...
Fire Emblem. You shave your facial hair
and armpits three times a day.
[gasps]
[announcer] It's not quite clear
what's unfolding,
but the suspect seems to be exposing
each hero's most personal secrets!
What's with this guy,
how's he know so much?!
[gasps] You don't think
he could be...
Yes! You remember now,
don't you!?
You're a stalker!
What're you, kidding me?!
These are my friggin' memories from
all of the time we spent together!
You still won't believe me,
after all I've said?
I mean seriously!
Just look at me!
do I really seem like the kind of guy
who'd go and kill a person?!
-Sorta.
-Yeah.
-Uh-uh.
-Sure do!
Really?
This is the end of
the road for you!
[Blue Rose] No he doesn't.
Just look at him, you guys...
I don't think I can even
imagine him killing someone.
Thanks, Blue Rose.
It makes no sense,
I mean if he really is the murder,
why stick his neck out like
this to prove his innocence?
[Rock Bison] Don't be fooled!
He's trying to trick us by gaining
our sympathy,
but that's not
going to work!
Will you quit it,
Bison?
I don't wanna do
something I'll regret,
especially since
you still owe me twenty bucks!
Shut up, you lowlife!
You have to believe me!
I'm innocent I swear!
This is the best
you can do, is it?
[Maverick] Have you managed to
calm down yet, Barnaby?
Yes.
[announcer] Well, it looks like this
cold blooded killer
is no
match for our six heroes!
Thanks for the boost,
Mr. Kaburagi.
[phone ring]
Mister Maverick?
[Maverick] You'll have
to forgive me.
I just sent out my company's hero,
but it looks like
he won't make it in time.
Oh, no complaints
from my end, sir.
Thanks to the other heroes,
our show just hit
its highest ratings of the season.
Well I'm very glad to hear it.
We'll have to put
our heads together
and figure out what we can do
in the future to boost them even higher.
All right. So what happens now, you
gonna arrest me?
You just don't know when to
give up, do you?
Oh, he will,
once he's in jail.
What happened
to all of you?
Why?
Why don't any of
you remember me?!
[grunts]
[announcer]
And there you have it folks!
Kotetsu T. Kaburagi
has been arrested!
Wait!
[gasps]
My dad never
killed anybody!
Kaede?
Why are you here?
She's your kid?
[announcer] What's this?
A young girl has suddenly appeared
and is pleading that
the suspect is innocent!
Hm?
[Sky High] Young lady, this man has done
very, very bad things.
Those are nothing
but lies!
I understand how you feel, sweetie,
but we need to take him away.
No! No, you can't,
you can't!
Well this is a
pickle, huh?
My dad...
Give me back my dad!!
Kaede...
That girl...
What the heck?
Mr. Maverick?
Miss Agnes,
we've got a problem!
Our signal has been jammed,
everything's down!
What do you mean jammed?!
What's causing it?
I've no clue!
Huh?
Hey, wait a second, guys,
what are we doing?
What are we doing!? We're about
to arrest Tiger, of...course...
Yeah, but why
would we do that?
Well, because he killed
someone, and... Huh?
I'm not sure why, but...
we were definitely treating
Wild Tiger like a criminal.
I think.
But why?
That would be impossible...
Wouldn't it?
And besides, why are you
dressed like that?
Yeah, what's up with that?
You look weird!
You know who I am...
Huh?
Thank god, You guys finally
remember me again!
Dad. Wanna tell me
what's going on?
Oh yeah, Kaede!
Um, what are you
even doing here?
Why didn't you
tell me anything?!
Huh?
You don't think you should've
told me you were a hero?!
Oh, well,
you see...
Look, sweetheart, I wasn't
trying to hide from you.
I just didn't want you to
have to worry about me.
Yeah. you're right.
I'm sorry I lied to you.
You can't treat me like
a little kid anymore.
Now wait, all of
that aside, Kaede,
what's going
on with you?!
What was that ball of
white light just now?
I don't know, Dad. I didn't plan it,
it just happened.
Well you've gotta be replicating
someone else's power, the question is who.
Huh?
Do you think you've come in contact with
anyone new recently?
Let's see, um...
You're one of Barnaby's
biggest fans, aren't you?
Well, thank you for
coming all this way.
Oh! An old man on the first
floor of this building!
Here?! Well what
did he look like?
Hm, um...
He had glasses on...
Oh! And he was wearing bow tie!
It was Maverick.
Listen kids, I'm
sorry to interrupt,
but do you maybe wanna shed a little
light on what's going on around here?!
Albert Maverick
is behind this entire mess.
Come again?
Maverick used his powers to
manipulate your memories,
he was playing you against me.
Our memories?
Yeah.
But my kid here was able to use her NEXT
powers to restore you all back to normal.
[giggles]
When did he manipulate
our memories though?
[Sky High] Well, he did call us all
together, maybe it was then.
Was it just you guys,
or was anyone else there?
Ms. Agnes was,
and people from your company.
So he was trying to frame me
by changing the memories of everyone
who knew my real identity.
I'm so sorry!
This is our fault.
I should have put two and two together
when you brought up the fried eggs!
Don't worry about it.
I'm just glad that you all remember now.
Tiger... I...
You're a good friend.
Huh?
Even with your memories gone,
you never stopped believing in me.
Thanks, Blue Rose.
Ah!
You, on the
other hand...
You treated me like a
commonplace criminal!
Really? My memory's still
a little spotty...
I believe the word you used was
"lowlife". Twice, actually.
[chuckles] Bygones be
bygones, right!
Is-is this the little girl we've heard
so much about?! Introduce her already!
Oh! How
stupid of me!
Sorry for the late intro, guys,
this is my daughter, Kaede.
Hi everybody.
Gosh it really is an honor!
Hey sugar.
It's great to
meet you!
Thanks for saving us,
we're in your debt!
Oh, it's OK, thanks for always
helping my Dad!
You've got a good head on your
shoulders. I like your spirit!
So where's
Barnaby?!
Huh?
Is there any chance I
could meet him Dad?!
That's right.
I forgot about him!
Were Barnaby's
memories altered as well?
Most likely.
I'll never forgive you.
You'll pay for
killing Samantha!
Hey... Barnaby!
Barnaby...
Easy now, handsome!
Just take a breath!
It's a mistake, Tiger didn't
murderer anyone!
It's no use
you guys.
Yeah, but-!
I need a repeat of what you did earlier,
ya think you can do it, kiddo?
What?!
Barnaby's been brainwashed
by a very bad man, Kaede.
And right now, your power
is the only thing that can save him.
You got it, Dad.
Just hang tight, Barnaby!
We're gonna get your
memories unscrambled, okay?!
[powering up, grunting]
[gasps]
Woah?
Uh, Dad?!
The heck?!
[gasps] Oh, yeah,
he touched my shoulder!
You've got a good head
on your shoulders. I like your spirit!
Idiot!
Huh?
That's just great, thanks to you
Kaede's abilities have changed again!
Me? What did I do?
She's a mimic: a NEXT who copies
the powers
of anyone she comes in contact with.
[gasps]
I'm so sorry! I had no idea.
Dammit! She was the
only shot we had here.
Fools, every last
one of them.
Everyone else out of the way.
My business is with him.
Listen Barnaby!
You're being manipulated right now!
Maverick has been
behind it all!
I've heard enough!!
[yelling]
[Rock Bison]
Calm down, Barnaby!
Don't do this, Handsome,
he's your partner!
That's right!
Try to remember!
What are you talking about?
That man is a murderer!
Barnaby!
Don't interfere!
Come on, Barnaby...
You've got to snap out of it!
Let go!
Kotetsu Kaburagi!
Why did you kill Samantha?! Answer me!
Take care of Kaede if
anything happens to me.
All right, if that's the case,
I'll just have to make you remember
whether you want to or not!
Let's go, pal!
Come and get me.
Dad, you can't!
Oh no you don't!
It's too
dangerous!
Yeah but-!
It's all right.
Trust us kid.
Your dad is a hero.
[gasps]
Oh, uh... nothing to see here,
I'm nobody suspicious or anything!
I know it looks
bad but uh...
Huh?
Wait, your memories...
were you watching that broadcast!?
You remember me again,
don't you?!
Hey there, partner!
What took you so long?
How did you get that suit
and that motorcycle?!
A black suit and
a red bike, huh?
No offense, but you looked
way better in the old suit.
You coming or what?
[grunts]
Remember this?
You on the right, me on the left!
Chasing down all
those real bad guys?
Shut up!
Barnaby, relax would ya?
This is dangerous!
Eyes on the road!
What the...
[screaming]
Wild Tiger...
And Barnaby too!
Hey! Up ahead!
W-whoa!
Oh, crap.
This is where we first met!
Brings back memories, doesn't it?
You carried me in your arms
after saving me, remember?
[scoffs] I would never do that!
There's nothing to worry about.
Those two are gonna
be just fine.
Hey, stop!
I said stop!
Would you cut it out already?
Oops...
You bastard...
So, you're ready to fight?!
I-it's not like that!
Is that Tiger?
No! It's the person we were persuaded
to believe was him!
Who are you?!
You aren't getting off with a few
minor burns after what you pulled!
Now show me your power.
Time to put our cards
on the table.
All right, you impostor,
reveal yourself!
[gasps]
Guess I have no choice...
Let's do this!
[suit announcer]
Good Luck Mode.
[yelling]